2024.12.1 (#36197)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2024-12-04-release-202412.markdown

Easy, right? 😎

## Patch releases

> We will also release patch releases for Home Assistant 2024.11 in November.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will also release patch releases for Home Assistant 2024.12 in December.
```

Author: Nice catch! Thanks 👍 

<img src="https://media1.giphy.com/media/1IPjwAJ0x5sGqB8nHn/giphy.gif"/>
